README.md, before:

# SpaceX_Rockets

Rockets game

https://ninghizhidda.github.io/SpaceX_Rockets/

Recreate all rockets from the SpaceX API and visualize them on the page. At first, all rockets should be at the bottom of the stage and should launch at the same time and should move towards the top of the stage. All rockets have a certain amount of fuel (first_stage, second_stage).

Requirements:

Data from SpaceX API (See "Resources" below) must be obtained dynamically (not hardcoded)
1 tone of fuel per second is consumed by each rocket
When all the fuel is depleted the rocket disappears
When all rockets have depleted their fuel a "Success" text message shows on the page
Code structure is Object Oriented
The project uses the provided project assets
Bonus points:

Code uses ES6 features
Implement rocket stages. When the fuel in first_stage is wasted the rocket should lose it's bottom half and continue on the second_stage fuel supply
The rocket should have exhaust flames shooting from the bottom while it moves
Rocket exhaust flames should be "pulsating" (mimicing real flames)
Implements the usage of promises
Implements the usage of events
Implements the usage of async/await
App uses a library like EaselJS or PIXI.js or uses the Canvas API
Implement a "REPLAY" button at the success screen
Rockets visualize the ammount of fuel left
Rockets fade out when their fuel is depleted
Resources:

SpaceX API: https://api.spacexdata.com/v2/rockets
Assets available in the assets folder in the archive

Anime.js

Commit message:

Update README with instructions how to run the app

README.md, after:

# SpaceX_Rockets

Rockets game

https://ninghizhidda.github.io/SpaceX_Rockets/

The app can be loaded on localehost with these steps:
1. Download rocketsPackage folder from the files in github.
2. Run "npm start" from the root of the folder rocketsPackage
3. Open your web browser and enter this URL - localhost:3000


Recreate all rockets from the SpaceX API and visualize them on the page. At first, all rockets should be at the bottom of the stage and should launch at the same time and should move towards the top of the stage. All rockets have a certain amount of fuel (first_stage, second_stage).

Requirements:

Data from SpaceX API (See "Resources" below) must be obtained dynamically (not hardcoded)
1 tone of fuel per second is consumed by each rocket
When all the fuel is depleted the rocket disappears
When all rockets have depleted their fuel a "Success" text message shows on the page
Code structure is Object Oriented
The project uses the provided project assets
Bonus points:

Code uses ES6 features
Implement rocket stages. When the fuel in first_stage is wasted the rocket should lose it's bottom half and continue on the second_stage fuel supply
The rocket should have exhaust flames shooting from the bottom while it moves
Rocket exhaust flames should be "pulsating" (mimicing real flames)
Implements the usage of promises
Implements the usage of events
Implements the usage of async/await
App uses a library like EaselJS or PIXI.js or uses the Canvas API
Implement a "REPLAY" button at the success screen
Rockets visualize the ammount of fuel left
Rockets fade out when their fuel is depleted
Resources:

SpaceX API: https://api.spacexdata.com/v2/rockets
Assets available in the assets folder in the archive

Anime.js
